[docs] Agent Process Supervisor Mode (#21056)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/agent-and-proxy/agent/template.mdx

# Vault Agent Templates

Vault Agent's Template functionality allows Vault secrets to be rendered to files

> or environment variables using [Consul Template markup][consul-templating-language].

Reviewer: Looks great!

[documentation
page](https://github.com/hashicorp/consul-template/blob/main/docs/configuration.md#templates)
can be used here:
<Tip>

> Δ Any parameters related to files are not applicable to `env_template` blocks

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The parameters marked with `Δ` below are only applicable to file templates and cannot be used with `env_template` entries.
```

- `right_delimiter` `(string: "}}")` - Delimiter to use in the template. The
  default is "}}" but for some templates, it may be easier to use a different
  delimiter that does not conflict with the output file itself.
- `sandbox_path`Δ `(string: "")` - If a sandbox path is provided, any path
  provided to the `file` function is checked that it falls within the sandbox path.
  Relative paths that try to traverse outside the sandbox path will exit with an error.
- `wait`Δ `(object: required)` - This is the `minimum(:maximum)` to wait before rendering
  a new template to disk and triggering a command, separated by a colon (`:`).

> 

Author: edit examples to switch between `template` and `env_template`
